yes well it goes from the FC st pauli
Hamburg
they have been recommended to us, we have
because we have a problem there or
we're trying something
he has to go after yesterday
sunday the Bundesliga match was against
hansa rostock and almost have them
Now they have heard that
we have 10 very very unhappy too
lost home and had so much bad luck
we have three times against posts
shot
once against the latte a few times free of
we do not do anything weird right now
but even the reporter said that
has almost something to do with bad luck
I thought so too, yes, all the time
Yesterday in the game, yes, and now quite a bit
Strange happened to have us today
which experience from sources of rostock
that there are fan groups black
october is that that something in
the clubhouse with voodoo moderately and so
I should have done what I have now
also increasingly united in the bundesliga
already stated
yes, that's us, that's really
the first time for us but we know
not anymore we have to do something there
Now I make my I do not
if that worked out by hansa
Rostock with us that really nothing
nothing has gone at all we want
actually turn around and bavaria
Munich on Saturday is the
I would need the lineup
player with the dates of birth diet
downplay our bayern
Munich
oh well yes we had the idea that
they have such a doll worried
we pulled the bavaria
So I should not do that with the doll
I have indeed ever before
tried and stabbed mister
the back out so I only have it once
so tried the left would be quite
on
yes we just do not try everything and
that was so funny that they had
to be in the stadium
with the ball is actually in it
and then for the cost
have to
I have it on me and I can do it
speak again